hello pot farmers welcome back this is
my original farm I am Paul pot farm but
this is my original farm of like two or
three three years two years over two
years on and off I could for a while
while I stopped playing whatever um but
I've continued a bad now I'm gonna do
the pulp ha farm but i thought i'd show
you what i have here um just got a bunch
of bunkers should shacks to grow I
got the Cornucopia repeaters I got the
medical appear going right now making an
initial hydro making some hydro shacks
working on this car now I got a lot of
items though these turkeys from way back
cocoa trees I don't know what this
year's thing is but it's from there I
got a lot of hash press hash brush
contraptions these old hookah pipes got
a few of those these leprechauns cuz I
let the jack-o'-lanterns for Halloween
coming up the love in if you have these
love-ins use those over the cars because
they give you a lot more XP and a lot
more for your resource now these
monoliths I thought those might do
something in the future so I got a lot
of those pretty pimpin gold limo right
there rally crowds I got some decent
amount of Raleigh repeat ears or pothead
repeaters pretty sure these might give
you ditch weed I'm not easy though uh
yeah lisa d smile i gots a lot of these
Pig repeaters I didn't get the Sasquatch
I don't put money into the game
am I haven't anyways and I don't think I
will that's lame anyways but uh yeah
it's my farm feel quite a bit of these
bunnies show you my gift box a lot of
seeds and then I think even when i quit
i collected stuff posts maybe even our
i'm not sure but i have a shitload of
docs slay 37 conspiracy ducks 23 dopey
ducks and even more bears I have more
bears I had ducks which is ridiculous
a lot of different items from oh my god
here my bears yeah but a lot of
different items from different themes 26
gas masks bears least these stupid
colored bears I was talking about
earlier i don't know where they're from
but they should come up with more ideas
rather than changing the appearance of
these bears I never liked these bears to
begin with as I like the bunnies may be
there no no cool yeah bunnies zombie
bunnies stuff yeah so oh there is my
farm here and yeah these are like the
lovins these are the better contraption
to the brownies get a lot more brownies
for what you put in I don't know you've
seen this all before all right thank you
and mmm find me on facebook pawpaw farm
mother